README.md, before:

<!--
    Copyright 2013-2014 The GLFW-RS Developers. For a full listing of the authors,
    refer to the AUTHORS file at the top-level directory of this distribution.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
-->

# glfw-rs

GLFW bindings and wrapper for The Rust Programming Language.

## Example

~~~rust
extern crate native;
extern crate glfw;

use glfw::Context;

#[start]
fn start(argc: int, argv: **u8) -> int {
    native::start(argc, argv, main)
}

fn main() {
    let glfw = glfw::init(glfw::FAIL_ON_ERRORS).unwrap();

    let (window, events) = glfw.create_window(300, 300, "Hello this is window", glfw::Windowed)
        .expect("Failed to create GLFW window.");

    window.set_key_polling(true);
    window.make_current();

    while !window.should_close() {
        glfw.poll_events();
        for (_, event) in glfw::flush_messages(&events) {
            handle_window_event(&window, event);
        }
    }
}

fn handle_window_event(window: &glfw::Window, event: glfw::WindowEvent) {
    match event {
        glfw::KeyEvent(glfw::KeyEscape, _, glfw::Press, _) => {
            window.set_should_close(true)
        }
        _ => {}
    }
}
~~~

## Compilation

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have [compiled and installed GLFW 3.x](http://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/compile.html).
You might be able to find it on your package manager, for example on OS X:
`brew install --static glfw3`. If not you can download and build the library
[from the source](http://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/compile.html) supplied on the
GLFW website. Note that if you compile GLFW with CMake on Linux, you will have
to supply the `-DCMAKE_C_FLAGS=-fPIC` argument. You may install GLFW to your
`PATH`, otherwise you will have to specify the directory containing the library
binaries when you call `make` or `make lib`:

~~~
GLFW_LIB_DIR=path/to/glfw/lib/directory make
~~~

### Targets

- `make`: library, examples, docs
- `make lib`: libs only
- `make doc`: docs only
- `make examples`: build examples
- `make src/examples/<example>.rs`: build a specific example
- `make clean`: clean up all build files

### Cargo-lite

You can use [cargo-lite](https://github.com/cmr/cargo-lite):

~~~
cargo-lite.py install --git https://github.com/bjz/glfw-rs.git glfw-rs
~~~

## Support

Contact `bjz` on irc.mozilla.org [#rust](http://mibbit.com/?server=irc.mozilla.org&channel=%23rust)
and [#rust-gamedev](http://mibbit.com/?server=irc.mozilla.org&channel=%23rust-gamedev),
or [post an issue](https://github.com/bjz/glfw-rs/issues/new) on Github.

## glfw-rs in use

- [sebcrozet/kiss3d](https://github.com/sebcrozet/kiss3d)
- [Jeaye/q3](https://github.com/Jeaye/q3)
- [cyndis/rsmc](https://github.com/cyndis/rsmc/)
- [mozilla/servo](https://github.com/mozilla/servo)
- [ozkriff/marauder](https://github.com/ozkriff/marauder/)

Commit message:

Added docs about rust-empty to README

README.md, after:

<!--
    Copyright 2013-2014 The GLFW-RS Developers. For a full listing of the authors,
    refer to the AUTHORS file at the top-level directory of this distribution.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
-->

# glfw-rs

GLFW bindings and wrapper for The Rust Programming Language.

## Example

~~~rust
extern crate native;
extern crate glfw;

use glfw::Context;

#[start]
fn start(argc: int, argv: **u8) -> int {
    native::start(argc, argv, main)
}

fn main() {
    let glfw = glfw::init(glfw::FAIL_ON_ERRORS).unwrap();

    let (window, events) = glfw.create_window(300, 300, "Hello this is window", glfw::Windowed)
        .expect("Failed to create GLFW window.");

    window.set_key_polling(true);
    window.make_current();

    while !window.should_close() {
        glfw.poll_events();
        for (_, event) in glfw::flush_messages(&events) {
            handle_window_event(&window, event);
        }
    }
}

fn handle_window_event(window: &glfw::Window, event: glfw::WindowEvent) {
    match event {
        glfw::KeyEvent(glfw::KeyEscape, _, glfw::Press, _) => {
            window.set_should_close(true)
        }
        _ => {}
    }
}
~~~

## Compilation

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have [compiled and installed GLFW 3.x](http://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/compile.html).
You might be able to find it on your package manager, for example on OS X:
`brew install --static glfw3`. If not you can download and build the library
[from the source](http://www.glfw.org/docs/latest/compile.html) supplied on the
GLFW website. Note that if you compile GLFW with CMake on Linux, you will have
to supply the `-DCMAKE_C_FLAGS=-fPIC` argument. You may install GLFW to your
`PATH`, otherwise you will have to specify the directory containing the library
binaries when you call `make` or `make lib`:

~~~
GLFW_LIB_DIR=path/to/glfw/lib/directory make
~~~

### Targets

- `make`: library, examples, docs
- `make lib`: libs only
- `make doc`: docs only
- `make examples`: build examples
- `make src/examples/<example>.rs`: build a specific example
- `make clean`: clean up all build files

### Cargo-lite

You can use [cargo-lite](https://github.com/cmr/cargo-lite):

~~~
cargo-lite.py install --git https://github.com/bjz/glfw-rs.git glfw-rs
~~~

### Compiling with Rust-Empty

The following command compiles to the folder 'target/cpu-vendor-os/lib':

`make link && make -f rust-empty.mk`

For more information see [Rust-Empty](https://github.com/bvssvni/rust-empty)

## Support

Contact `bjz` on irc.mozilla.org [#rust](http://mibbit.com/?server=irc.mozilla.org&channel=%23rust)
and [#rust-gamedev](http://mibbit.com/?server=irc.mozilla.org&channel=%23rust-gamedev),
or [post an issue](https://github.com/bjz/glfw-rs/issues/new) on Github.

## glfw-rs in use

- [sebcrozet/kiss3d](https://github.com/sebcrozet/kiss3d)
- [Jeaye/q3](https://github.com/Jeaye/q3)
- [cyndis/rsmc](https://github.com/cyndis/rsmc/)
- [mozilla/servo](https://github.com/mozilla/servo)
- [ozkriff/marauder](https://github.com/ozkriff/marauder/)
